	Date:	January 8, 2016 at 15:52
	Tags:	Paper Writing
	Location:	Siming, Xiamen, Fujian, China
	Weather:	19° Mostly Cloudy
	Starred

# 2016 Paper 

GIF sentiment analysis is IMPORTANT
	IS USEFUL IN MANY FIELDS: election prediction, economic index evaluation

GIF sentiment analysis is DIFFICULT
	What we know about GIF sentiment are :
		Relies on mid-level concepts. These concepts haven’t been researched before [Problem 1]
		How mid-level concepts lead to sentiment polarity is UNKNOWN [Problem 2]

## Related Work
Recent studies focus on: Textual Sentiment, Static Image Sentiment, GIF Sentiment
Current studies on GIF Sentiment has 2 approaches:

1. Method use local-features: unable to use mid-level concepts.
2. Method counts on 1 Deep Network to get GIF polarity: [imperfect]
	* Limited number of layers is shallow to mid-level concepts. 
	* Hard to modification. has to retrain the whole network when new dataset added

## Framework of our approach

To solve these problems, we have

for **Problem1**	
	
* Model mid-level concepts: Inspired by the ANP paper.  We introduce SentiPair (ANP + VNP)
* Find out SentiPairs link to GIF sentiment.  We use strategy of human annotation + Ontology based automatic 	generalisation 
* Detect SentiPairs from GIF. We adopt CNN model, Fine-tuned from CaffeNet

for **Problem2**

* Train a classifier from human annotated dataset. [SVM/LOGISTIC REGRESSION/LSTM+RNN]
>	Redraw the flow-chart of our approach.

## Details of each step

* Concepts Modelling (SentiPair Sequence): 
	* detectable: all words are from WordNet, the same as ILSVRC. the detection rate is climbing
	* depict actions: sneeze/ yawn/ shake/ weep/ 
	* depict objects: child/ cat/ moustache/ buddha/ flower/
	* depict overall environment: cloudy/ beautiful/ 

>	draw a picture contains those concepts. 

* About human annotation system + Ontology based auto-generalisation
	* [Annotation System]
		* GIF pictures should convey sentiment polarity
		* The sentiment polarity must be implied visually, not textually.
		*  Annotate each GIF with both SentiPair Sequence and Sentiment Polarity.
	* [Ontology based auto-generalisation]
		* Generalisation base on “is-a” relationship
		* Generalisation base on synonyms
		* Weight from Senti-WordNet + Weight from Giphy.com labels

>	draw a picture of textual implication, is-a relationship, synonyms
>	draw the algorithm of auto-generalisation. 

* About Concept detection using CaffeNet
	* Training set.
	* Deep network overview
>	draw a picture of correctly/incorrectly classified instances. TOP 1/TOP 5/TOP 10
>	draw the 

* About classifier using SentiPair as input
	* Training set.
	* Detection rate is satisfying.
>	draw a picture of correctly/incorrectly classified instances.

## Experiments
Verify the advantage of SentiPair over ANP
>	analysis each class’s 

Verify the advantage of our approach over One-Deep-Network method










 
